[docs-only] Update new-service-checklist.md (#5920)
owncloud/ocis: docs/services/new-service-checklist.md

```markdown
- [ ] Provide a README.md for that service in the root folder of that service.
  - Use CamelCase for section headers.
- [ ] For images and example files used in README.md:
  - Create a folder named `md-sources` on the same level where README.md is located. Put all the images and example files referenced by README.md into this folder.

>   - Use absolute references (full URL) to make the content accessible for both README.md and owncloud.dev

Author: ```suggestion
  - Use absolute references like `https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/blob/master/services/<service-name>/md-sources/file` to make the content accessible for both README.md and owncloud.dev
```
